JAVASCRIPT

what is javascript function?
A JavaScript function is a block of code designed to perform a particular task.It contain certain keywords like name and parameters.
js function has three methods:- 
call  : through call we can call different objects in one function
apply : through apply we can put argument in an array
bind  : it binds the object in a function and to store it and asign a new variable for it.
object value can be excess through objectname.keyname

what are variables?
variables are the containers which are use to contain data
4 ways to declare variable let const var nothing
Variables defined with const cannot be Redeclared.
Variables defined with const cannot be Reassigned.

math methods?

Json (JavaScript Object Notation)
JSON is a format for storing and transporting data.
key should be in inverted codes
can't pass videos,images through jason
use the JavaScript built-in function JSON.parse() to convert the string into a JavaScript object
JSON is often used when data is sent from a server to a web page.
console.log(transform.employees[1].firstName + ''+ transform.employees[1].lastName)
Convert a JavaScript object into a string with JSON.stringify().

js object vs jason?	
js object define as unordered collection of data in a form of keys and value pairs.


Modules
JavaScript modules allow you to break up your code into separate files.
This makes it easier to maintain the code-base.
JavaScript modules rely on the import and export statements.

events:-
onchange  An HTML element has been changed
onclick	  The user clicks an HTML element

strings:-
strings are for storing and manipulating text.
chart,slice,substring,replace,split,

loops:-
loops are used to repeat a block of code
The JavaScript for loop iterates the elements for the fixed number of times
for in tells the index postion of element in an array and object
for of will print the element of an array

scope:-
scope determines accesibility of an variable
function,block,global scopes.

Hoisting:-
JavaScript Hoisting refers to the process where the declaration of functions, variables 
or classes move to the top of their scope, prior to execution of the code.
In var it will show undifine but in let and const it will show cant excess before initilization.

Arrow function vs Normal function
Normal function return arguments but arrow cant return
we cant make constructor in Arrow function

//Array methods   
 pop,push,shift,unshift,sort,reverse,reducer,map,filter,foreach,find,tostring,indexof, lastindexof

find-it will return first value after passing the condition
findindex -  It will return first index no after passing the condition
join      -     The join() method joins array elements into a string.
tostring  -  The toString() method returns an array as a comma separated string:
include will check weather the element is present in array or not it will return bulian value
map      - creates a new array from calling a function for every array element.
map() does not change the original array.


types of data types:-
number,string,array,boolean,null,undifined,biginit

rest and spread operator :-
spread operator :- when you try to expand array or object literals
rest operator :- use in function to get all the parameters or may be rest of the parameters

rest operator
function myfunction(a,b,c,...arr){
   return arr[1]
}

console.log(myfunction(1,2,3,4))  

spread operator
let arr =[1,2,3,4,6,7]
spread operator
function myfunction(a,b,c){
    return a+b+c
 
 }
console.log(myfunction(...arr));


default parameter

ternary operator:-	

Recursion?


	